About NYC Open Data
NYC Open Data makes the wealth of public data generated by various New York City agencies and other City organizations available for public use. As part of an initiative to improve the accessibility, transparency, and accountability of City government, this catalog offers access to a repository of government-produced, machine-readable data sets.

Anyone can use these data sets to participate in and improve government by conducting research and analysis or creating applications, thereby gaining a better understanding of the services provided by City agencies and improving the lives of citizens and the way in which government serves them.

The data sets are available in a variety of machine-readable formats and are refreshed when new data becomes available. Data is presented by category, by City agency, or by other City organization. Descriptions of the data, the collection method, and other contextual material, called metadata, make the data sets easier to understand and use. Use of these data sets and how they are generated can be better understood by reading the Terms of Use.




Terms of Use


    The following Terms of Use apply to visitors to the NYC OpenData portal and application developers who obtain City data through this single web portal:
    By accessing data sets and feeds available through the NYC OpenData portal (or the "Site"), the user agrees to all of the Terms of Use of NYC.gov as well as the Privacy Policy for NYC.gov. The user also agrees to any additional terms of use defined by entities providing data or feeds through the Site. Entities providing data include, without limitation, agencies, bureaus, offices, departments and other discrete entities of the City of New York ("City"). Public data sets made available on the NYC OpenData portal are provided for informational purposes. The City does not warranty the completeness, accuracy, content, or fitness for any particular purpose or use of any public data set made available on the NYC OpenData portal, nor are any such warranties to be implied or inferred with respect to the public data sets furnished therein.

    The City is not liable for any deficiencies in the completeness, accuracy, content, or fitness for any particular purpose or use of any public data set, or application utilizing such data set, provided by any third party.

    Submitting City Agencies are the authoritative source of data available on NYC OpenData. These entities are responsible for data quality and retain version control of data sets and feeds accessed on the Site. Data may be updated, corrected, overwritten and/or refreshed at any time. The anticipated update frequency is indicated for each data set on the Site. Older versions of data sets will not be retained.


